Full stack development using laravel and vue. 

Git init the project and add everything to git then do initial commit.

Create a new repository on my account in github and get the url of the newly crearted repository then push your code to github
git remote add origin <nameofgitrepository.git>
git push -u origin master

npm install

php artisan make:auth to get layout
change .env file to enable database access

Created a one to many relationship between user and questions. i.e. a User can have many questions and a question belongs to a user
We also set attribute mutator in the questions model to help us use the title as a slug.

// Experimenting with git
I created another branch by issuing the command
git checkout -b <nameofbranch>
git push origin nameofbranch  // this pushes the newly created code to github on a separate path.
after working on the new branch we can revert back to the master branch by using the command
git checkout master // this reverts back to the initial master we created when we did git init. This branch will miss the changes made in the other branch <nameofbranch>
to merge the changes in the nameofbranch to master we use the command
git merge nameofbranch  // this will cobine the code written in the last branch to the one in the master.
We can also push the master branch to its own repository by using the command
git push origin master

We created another branch called second branch and in this branch I created a question factory by using the artisan command
php artisan make:factory QuestionFactory

Then we use tinker to create 3 users  - - php artisan tinker
$factory->(App\User::class, 3)->create()

refacoring to use the database seeder class. I created factory to create 3 user and for each of the user we 
generate random 1 to 5 questions and finally we call make method to generate object ans store in memory instead of using create method.
FInally we run php artisan migrate:refresh -- seed

Created a resource QuestionsController --resource  but encountered an error had to remove the old using route statement and changed it touse Illuminate\Support\Facades\Route;
pass all the questions to the view using compact method
create an index.blade.php page and copy the content of the home page to the index.blade.php then edit to suit us.

Added twiter bootsrap helper to help make pagination aligned to the center by using 
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=laravel-pagination
add justify-content-center to the ul class alonside the pagination.




